Add documentation for IAM authentication for DB Secrets Engine (#22836)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/secrets/databases/mysql-maria.mdx

For more information on the database secrets engine's HTTP API please see the
[Database secrets engine API](/vault/api-docs/secret/databases) page.

## Authenticating to Cloud DBs via IAM

### Google Cloud

Aside from IAM roles denoted by [Google's CloudSQL documentation](https://cloud.google.com/sql/docs/postgres/add-manage-iam-users#creating-a-database-user),
the following SQL privileges are needed by the service account's DB user for minimum functionality with Vault.
Additional privileges may be needed depending on the SQL configured on the database roles.

```sql
-- Enable service account to create roles within DB
GRANT CREATEROLE ON <database>.<object> TO "test-user"@"%";
```

### Setup

1.  Enable the database secrets engine if it is not already enabled:

    ```shell-session
    $ vault secrets enable database
    Success! Enabled the database secrets engine at: database/
    ```

    By default, the secrets engine will enable at the name of the engine. To
    enable the secrets engine at a different path, use the `-path` argument.

> 1.  Configure Vault with the proper plugin and connection information. Here we can explicitly enable GCP IAM authentication

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Configure Vault with the proper plugin and connection information. Here you can explicitly enable GCP IAM authentication
```

    and use [Application Default Credentials](https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/provide-credentials-adc#how-to) to authenticate.

    ~> **Note**: For Google Cloud IAM, the Protocol is `cloudsql-mysql` instead of `tcp`.

    ```shell-session
    $ vault write database/config/my-mysql-database \
        plugin_name="mysql-database-plugin" \
        allowed_roles="my-role" \
        connection_url="user@cloudsql-mysql(project:region:instance)/mysql" \
        auth_type="gcp_iam"
    ```

> 1.  We can also configure the connection and authenticate by directly passing in the service account credentials

Reviewer: Since this provides additional configuration options, I would make this as a part of the Step 2.  Also, use "you" instead of "we" to clarify who must perform the action.

```suggestion
   You can also configure the connection and authenticate by directly passing in the service account credentials
```
